I mean he makes it work his team beats
top tier team yeah but Jane keeps is not
a tough to team that's the thing you
know like went out when i was playing
I'm again it's a casual I think he was
having trouble with hackers like I was
washing him run through you know Virgil
and Lester Hagar's smokes his team yeah
maybe he does not have any zoning codes
and if you can't zone haggart will beat
you a point and we've got a hacker
player arguably one of the best tagger
players yeah i mean i will put them up
there you know you could rotate all
these bombs Cam Ranh bersama who flat
let's see how the guy from the ec
predator like there's so many prayers so
many good uh hag our players and he's
going pattern x my ambassador Tigers
that makes him stronger yes even sure
his whole team's on the ultimate yeah
alright so let's all happen it looks
like he's starting a whole which is
interesting so he's gonna be using that
assists and he's drinking up there too I
like that he's a real Texan drinking and
playing there is an insane amount of
health on the screen right now this is a
some big body right here there's like a
wrestling match oh boy happy birthday Oh
Jackie big damage right here you get it
settled noise shouldn't I kill the
assists without wasting anything but
four is the least valuable member on
this team okay I question that but it
worked out chief with the character
league playing great he's got thirty
percent hold thorn is he with sorry
smash and he's playing so patient yeah
because he's got hacker in the back Lee
he's just gonna sit back oh that heavy
man every time it hits it it's like what
the world stop yeah it's just like
you're talking about he's having so much
trouble with this haggle Oh
ah Pro X Factor that's gonna be it
haggar just raid too much damage yeah I
assume he wouldn't have X Factor eat if
you didn't have enough to kill oh wow oh
he's get he didn't get the good mouse oh
no we found a job oh no are we gonna see
this happen I've heard horror stories
not his lovely he will run it all the
way back wow he's clotheslining we're on
we're wrestling now I've got her any THC
oh you don't know you don't have time
come on all right keep reporting very
close to that third level you got to be
careful he is so good with that sunday
driver that gonna hit her several course
it does i raids that's the chip damage a
punch and keep around 1i 12 Jim he's
gonna hit the bottom hitting the bottle
there we go my power up that's not gonna
boot castle only that classy yep oh
we're rocking it like that here she's
throwing some beacon bombs trying to
keep Hulk honest over there you can't
really see if he can bomb so it's kind
of scared of something on this level oh
definitely on this level yeah I'm
curious did he pick training mode or it
did because a lot of people Kapaun
wunderland on training mode that thing
is completely intuitive okay I'm Tia
always very cold Oh John says get that
out of there Wow Willie J keep using
that jab ah you know where he picks up
the ground yeah that's called but Oh
Hagar's gonna come in yep where was the
super though I thought that one always
came out
solanki stuff going on Jamie's gonna
dash up there it doesn't even try to go
for the rocket punch very smart oh this
could be it at Sentinel shuttle going
down I think so too in a game or an ax
in a matter of high health character
Sentinel has the short stick here yeah
he is the assist really yeah this book
meant to be on point so look at the
damage from four or we drop that James
got to get out god I'm get some damage
before you get out JP fight back in zero
house at know he's gonna recharge go
damage she's gonna do that then here
comes gamma crush looks lumpur yea
though it's a little far ooh safe that's
a few gotta punish it baby you gotta
punish it between you two I don't know
that yeah I'm again doesn't seem like he
knows that it you really see his problem
and Haggard this is his demon right well
like we said Hagar's actually really
good matchup for his whole team or Jenny
it's good matchup for Chanin floors hag
are oh great extension called Ron's no
no just general to you alright so here
we go again he's down to his last
character but it's a good one got her oh
he can off the ground here up a hit late
enough in this this period of it no this
is the end of it it's over it's over it
is over and you're no mr. dash oh it's
not karma went to level 30 it doesn't
actually grab him out no oh we better
watch out though okay there you go stops
all the angles very smart so he's
bringing the character he's most
comfortable with fat now also man good
foot seas by abaca but it was almost a
bait by Jen I need you Oh God genki kill
is it sends a beginner lose manabe game
goes to losers it yes is get knife yeah
so it looks like with uh with roach King
out it looks like Jan is infirm